Extend the 'Your first script' section. (#294)
nextflow-io/training: docs/basic_training/intro.md

---
description: Getting started with Nextflow

> toc_depth: 1

Author: ```suggestion
```

21. The final output (in the `results_ch` channel) is printed to screen using the `view` operator (appended onto the channel name).
22. End of the workflow scope.

> This pipeline takes `params.greeting`, which defaults to the string `Hello world!`, and splits it into indiviudual words in the `SPLITLETTERS` process. Each word is written to a separate file, named `chunk_1`, `chunk_2` and so on. These files are picked up as the process `output`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pipeline takes `params.greeting`, which defaults to the string `Hello world!`, and splits it into indiviudual words in the `SPLITLETTERS` process. Each word is written to a separate file, named `chunk_aa`, `chunk_ab`,  `chunk_ac`and so on. These files are picked up as the process `output`.
```

Author: Ah oops, good spot 👍🏻 

Do you think I should make the Python version have identical behaviour?

Author: Meh, can't think of a nice syntax to do it that doesn't complicate the example more, so will leave the Python as it is I think.

Reviewer: Keep it simple - I'd leave it as is
